
Is inventory list for whole party or per character?y
whole party
Spells and powers are character specific.

Is weapon list for whole party or per character?
per character upon equipping

How do you select a weapon?
outside of battle, can't switch inside of battle

If you have a weapon in inventory, can it only be assigned to one character? Yes
i.e., Do you have to have 5 swords in order to for every character to have a sword in a battle? Yes

Where are initial stats for weapons going to be stored? In new equipment.json, but still uses InventoryElement class

How are weapons obtained? Same as inventory items?
Can be dropped by monsters or bought at the armory


***Add location and chapter to inventory.
Location = where you can buy it. Can be a list.
Chapter = what chapter it is accessible during and after. Greater than or equal to.
If location does not exist, it defaults to everywhere.
If chapter does not exist, it defaults to always being available.

When opponent attacks, can they be blocked by the party character? Yes

The equation in the doc for melee attacks says it's for attacks from the back. What about from the front? Same equation.

Timing of hit animation in battle?

Are ACC/AVO/LCK only for ranged attacks? No

Are XP and Dibs rewards forfeited if player runs? Yes

When character 1 applies an inventory item to character 2, does the turn counting start the next time it is character 2's turn?
I.e., what happens between the end of character 1's turn and the beginning of character 2's turn?
SPD at the end of the cycle
ATK, MATK, ACC, XP, DIBS, DROPS, LCK happen at character 2's turns
DEF, MDEF, AVO happen immediately, and the turn starts with character 1's place in the turn order (e.g., 3rd place).
Turn ends at the next character in the same place in the turn order (e'g', no matter who has the 3rd place in the turn order)

What is the equation for AVO/ACC when not using spells/powers?

When is a WEAK hit used?

Animation for missed melee attack? Same question for ranged attack.
